= MakeFlaggable

MakeFlaggable is an extension for building a user-centric flagging system for Rails 3 applications.
It currently supports ActiveRecord models.

== Installation

add MakeFlaggable to your Gemfile

  gem 'make_flaggable'

afterwards execute

  bundle install

generate the required migration file

  rails generate make_flaggable

migrate the database

  rake db:migrate

== Usage

  # Specify a model that can be flagged.
  class Article < ActiveRecord::Base
    make_flaggable
  end

  # Specify a model that can flag another model.
  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    make_flagger
  end

  # You can specify that a flagger can only flag a flaggable once.
  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    make_flagger :flag_once => true
  end

  # The user can now flag the flaggable.
  # If the user already flagged the flaggable and :flag_once was set then an AlreadyFlaggedError is raised.
  user.flag!(article, reason)

  # The method without bang(!) does not raise the AlreadyFlaggedError when the user flags the flaggable more than once.
  # Instead it just returns false and ignores the flagging.
  # If :flag_once was not set then this method behaves like flag! method.
  user.flag(article, reason)

  # The user may unflag an already done flagging.
  # If the user never flagged the flaggable then an NotFlaggedError is raised.
  user.unflag!(article)

  # The method without bang(!) does not raise the NotFlaggedError, but just returns false if the user never flagged
  # the flaggable.
  user.unflag(article)

  # Get all flaggings of a flaggable.
  article.flaggings

  # Get the reason of a flagging.
  flagging = article.flaggings.first
  flagging.reason

  # Get the flagger of the flagging.
  flagging = article.flaggings.first
  user = flagging.flagger

  # Returns true if the article was flagged by any flagger, false otherwise
  article.flagged?

  # Flaggings can also be accessed by its flagger.
  flagger.flaggings

== Testing

MakeFlaggable uses RSpec for testing and has a rake task for executing the provided specs

  rake spec

Copyright © 2010-2011 Kai Schlamp (http://www.medihack.org), released under the MIT license
